copyblocks: add support for S3-compatible buckets and object storage migration (#5486)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

### Tools

> * [CHANGE] copyblocks: support for S3 was added as well as the ability to client-side copy between the same or different object storage services. Due to this, the tool now requires `-source-service` and `-destination-service` instead of `-service`. #5486

Reviewer: [nit] We phrase changelog entries in a different tense (don't ask me what it's called though 😅)

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] copyblocks: add support for S3, as well as the ability to copy between the same or different object storage services. Due to this, the `-source-service` and `-destination-service` flags are now required and the `-service` flag has been removed. #5486
```

Author: Searching says present tense imperative. This is something I always flip back and forth on because I can't remember which is the correct style, thanks!

Author: I modified this slightly more to
> * [CHANGE] copyblocks: add support for S3 and the ability to copy between different object storage services. Due to this, the `-source-service` and `-destination-service` flags are now required and the `-service` flag has been removed.

Reviewer: Looks good, thanks

> * [CHANGE] copyblocks: add support for S3, as well as the ability to copy between the same or different object storage services. Due to this, the `-source-service` and `-destination-service` flags are now required and the `-service` flag has been removed. #5486

Author: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] copyblocks: add support for S3 and the ability to copy between different object storage services. Due to this, the `-source-service` and `-destination-service` flags are now required and the `-service` flag has been removed. #5486
```
